rozites caperatus
hygrophorus hypothejus
leccinum versipelle
amanita pantherina
gyromitra esculenta
russula paludosa
amanita virosa
amanita muscaria
sarcodon imbricatus
tricholomopsis rutilans
macrolepiota rhacodes
pholiota mutabilis
hygrocybe punicea
craterellus cornucopioides
cantharellus aurora
hygrophorus olivaceoalbus
cortinarius camphoratus
russula aeruginea
armillaria mellea
gomphidius glutinosus
boletus subtomentosus
russula decolorans
gomphus clavatus
cantharellus cibarius
macrolepiota procera
lactarius volemus
leccinum scabrum
lactarius torminosus
hydnum rufescens
russula emetica
suillus luteus
hydnum repandum
boletus luridiformis
russula integra
gyromitra infula
sarcodon squamosus
amanita rubescens
galerina marginata
tricholoma equestre
albatrellus confluens
lactarius rufus
amanita phalloides
hygrophorus erubescens
clitocybe geotropa
suillus granulatus
clitocybe nebularis
lycoperdaceae
clitopilus prunulus
leccinum aurantiacum
russula vesca
boletus edulis
hygrocybe pratensis
russula xerampelina
boletus badius
ramaria botrytis
lactarius lignyotus
agaricus augustus
cantharellus tubaeformis
coprinus comatus
tylopilus felleus
hygrophoropsis aurantiaca
agaricus silvaticus
albatrellus ovinus
ramaria flava
agaricus silvicola
suillus variegatus
tricholoma portentosum
cortinarius rubellus
morchella elata
tricholoma album
chroogomphus rutilus
chalciporus piperatus
clitocybe odora
lepista nuda
cortinarius traganus
paxillus involutus
hygrophorus camarophyllus
russula claroflava
paxillus atromentosus
calocybe gambosa
lactarius deliciosus
